This door cannot open until crystal is powered
You have found a secret area
This door no longer opens.
Beware the ancient pit of fire
Destroy all airbourne enemies before reinforcements arrive.
This door is now locked
This door is currently locked
This door is currently locked
Caution... the turbulent water looks very dangerous.
You've found a secret subterranean river
The bars have jammed shut.
Something strange has happened...
This door is currently locked.
A door has opened
You are now entering the inner temple
Be careful where you tread and prepare for the worst
Watch out... above you!
...but frown on the faint-hearted.
The ancient gods reward the brave...
The firepit has now been subdued
Mapper message: this room still under development
You have found a secret area.
The military have sealed this door
Find and destroy the munitions dump to unlock it
The door is locked
This door is jammed shut
You have found a secret area.
Power stream activated. three more to go.
Two more to go.
One more to go.
The crystal has been reactivated.
Something strange has happened...
Approach with extreme caution!!!
You have located the munitions dump
Remember, the gods damn those who defile their altars
This door has jammed shut. find another way out.
You are now entering the catacombs
You need the golden idol to enter the catacombs
The golden idol disappears... and the door opens!
The entrance to the catacombs is now closed forever.
This door is currently locked.
The avatars power is forcing the door shut
You must prove yourself before you face the avatar
The door won't open... destroy the airmobil first!
Destroy enough swarm enemies in the catacombs and you will be rewarded
You have triumphed where so many others have failed
But get out! before the whole place collapses.
The avatar approaches...
Something strange has happened...
Hurry up! time is running out...
You have found a secret area
Find the central crystal and reactivate it.
Then enter the inner temple and destroy ancient avatar.
If you succeed, return here and escape
This door cannot open until the avatar is destroyed.
Hmmm... the wall here looks weak
This door is now locked forever.
... the door behind you locks.
